hello my name is Steve Ali I'm one of
the chefs from taste x will school with
food in ties will end all the I'm
going to show you some recipes and some
of the dishes that we do here
I'm gonna show you how to make bangers
and mash with most of mashed potato and
onion agree one thing to remember when
you when you're going to do a
straightforward mashed potato it is your
potatoes need to be cooked fairly evenly
in size so they're all roughly the same
size so I have to measure them but
roughly the same size the other thing is
with mashed potatoes you'll generally
start them off in cold water if you're
doing new potatoes you would normally
start them off in boiling water so these
are in cold water and they're going to
just go on the salt not too much as
although just dip at the end of it went
up they're going to boil now for about
about 20 minutes or so that's from
boiling on a nice low heat and then
working drain off and I'm ready for the
mash we're now going to do some sausages
we're going to pan fry the sausages
finish them in the oven and they're
going to be shared with our mashed
potato and a nice gravy so the first
thing is get your pan on the stove
frying pan shut a little cooking oil to
put a little bit of oil in the bottom
some lovely local produce sausages we
don't need to put the sausages anymore
if you've got a good product you should
be fine with that you can start them on
fairly lowly where they'll need to make
sure your winner pop them into the pan
that they're going to actually sizzle
not well know that is just about how
much you know now I've just got a good
colour but the need of it
while I make some fried onions to finish
up with some gravy meanwhile I've got
some onion which I'm just going to slice
potatoes are now cooked I've tried them
with a fork and fork goes in nice and
easy small knife if you want to meet
full be nice unless they have a little
bit of butcher in there so I'm going to
put another a generous mother butcher in
also a little bit of cream or milk what
you want you don't feel the taste after
you know there's some grain mustard just
to give you that a little bit of a bite
all right a little bit of grain mustard
it's quite a mild monster so you can
talk the Olympic Games I'm now going to
add some brown gravy look at our grain
mustard mash that's going to go just to
the center our softer gears are nicely
colored now
in fact every she want to be give three
nice sausages I think as a portion
and there you've got bangers and mash
with a mustard mash potato